hello everyone and welcome to gays
Behaving Badly a new feature on the
channel that we're gonna try out for a
bit and if you like it let us know in
the comments my name is James I'm Nick
and Gay's Behaving Badly is basically a
podcast with cameras we will be
discussing things that the queer
Community doesn't like to talk about or
doesn't like to acknowledge very much uh
this first episode we're going to be
talking about
the kind of queer Erasure of all of
asexual and asexuality and aromanticism
um
um that's kind of one of the um
it's in a lot of ways considered one of
the ugly step children of the queer
community and um when I was working in
queer circles I there was that kind of
you worked for a pride there was that
discussion very innocently had about
like
like they wanted to make sure that only
queer groups got like a um uh there was
kind of a um a kiosk sort of station
where were different groups and
organizations organizations would set up
kiosks that people could visit and there
was a and they wanted to make sure that
only queer people could have these spots
because what would happen is people
would just kind of get a spot yeah even
though they had nothing really to do
with queerness
um so like there was kind of an asexual
group and there was a discussion like
is that specifically a queer group I've
seen that a lot because there's a debate
among especially I've seen it among gay
men that asexual people shouldn't be
included so much because you know
asexual people are not persecuted
actively persecuted for their sexuality
I I see that sort of
angle however my just I'm not saying I
agree with that oh yeah yeah that's the
information but my justification for why
we should just call this disclaimer the
podcast
my my organization my sort of
qualification for this and we've talked
about this and you agree is um the the
queer Community is a community of people
established by a means of exclusion uh
we weren't collected in the hegemony so
we kind of banded together yeah
um and while there might be no specific
persecution for asexual people in the
way that gay people have faced there is
a kind of very quiet persecution for
asexuals it seem as being for instance I
think uh asexuality in the American
Psychological Journal is still qualified
as a mental as a psychological disease a
mental health disease uh correct me if
I'm wrong
um but like
when you are asexual you do see a myriad
of ways that uh there's basically a
psychological warfare against you
um every piece of media is focused
around a romance or sexual attraction
um it's seen as a for granted thing for
almost every piece of media almost
everyone there's that sexual expectation
and even when there's not yeah it's
viewers will assume that especially if
there's a male and female character if
there isn't a romance between them
viewers will assume by the end of the
movie or the TV show that there will be
right absolutely and and outside of
media in like sort of polite discussion
um
there's a way that people kind of you
know when you're outside of polite
discussion and you're kind of being more
personal with someone there's a comfort
with sex that is taken for granted like
you know if you're having you know a
rough time your close friend might say
like just go out and tag someone
um yeah uh and that's kind of seen as
just like a universal so it's a lot of
very subtle ways that the hegemony
reminds you that you're not really
welcome or that you should be different
or that you're there's something wrong
with you
um and while there isn't really any
conversion therapy directed to the
asexual people
um and while you think that there
wouldn't be because Society is kind of
geared towards this neopuritan attitude
of avoiding sex and avoiding uh sexual
attraction at least in public discourse
and especially like in public areas
um there is that expectation that it's
something that is going to happen behind
closed doors yeah again just kind of
going back to the idea of of that in
Media
if there's not the romantic interest if
there's not the sexual interest that
there will be you know the Assumption
because
the you know overt sexuality is the
default oh yeah yeah yeah
um and like you said that there's not
like conversion therapy taste people but
I think there's
a huge amount of pressure social
pressure yes so there's not like but
organized and you want to sort of have
evidence of like what you're saying
about there being like an expectation of
sexuality take two queer-coded
characters or a queer-coded character
and straight people will automatically
assume that they are straight like look
at Yuri from Victor from Yuri on Ice uh
there is a huge straight component of
the audience for that show that assumes
that Victor is straight and Hyper which
is hilarious which is hilarious because
he's the bottom
um
so like there's that expectation that
it's going to be there even if in the
media it's not depicted that way very
clearly
um but like and asexuality is beginning
to be discussed in a larger broader
context uh nowadays
um I feel like sorry for interrupting I
feel like we should pause and just kind
of explain to anyone who doesn't know
what asexuality is that's what we're
getting that's what we're getting
there's there's a perception of what it
is uh there's a perception of it versus
what it is yeah
um and this discussion the ways that
asexuality is beginning to manifest in
sort of representation in media and a
discussion in public even when it's done
well it's usually or when it's done
earnestly it's usually only ever sort of
half half-baked it's a much larger
Spectrum it's a large larger fish fish
pond than what people see
um so there's
asexuality is defined as a you know
aversion to sex lack of sexual drive
lack of sexual attraction
um
and that's kind of where the definition
is formally very very vaguely uh there
it's very unspecific because there is
you know obviously within sexuality
there is a spectrum of sexuality but
there is just as big a spectrum within
asexuality right of where you kind of
land but the public perception of
asexuality is Sheldon from Big Bang
Theory I don't even think it's Sheldon
because Sheldon does have sex I know but
like married and
once again like that's true actually
um because well I see that it is asexual
it's like a lot of people in the
audience might think oh Sheldon is no
longer asexual
um when I was kind of experimenting
around with kind of identifying as
asexual University I was kind of close
with this one girl who lacked a lot of
social skills
um and when she did get a boyfriend she
was like guess what I'm no longer
asexual and
I I think that's how a lot of people
feel that it does work it's like it's
like the bisexual thing when you get
married to a man or a woman it's like no
longer straight you're no longer gay
yeah as soon as you you know if you're a
man and you start dating it this is this
is oddly a a belief within uh the queer
Community especially especially among
gay men is that if a man is bisexual and
starts dating a woman he's actually not
bisexual he was you know just looking if
you get married as you're Straight For
Life yeah uh or to a woman damage to a
woman yeah your bisexuality just
disappears and if you get married and if
you get a check up with a guy or get
married to a guy it's like well it's a
transitional period well yeah that's
that that was a big thing for
bisexuality it was by now gay later yeah
um and like I understand why that
existed at the time because we came from
a very binary system not just a binary
system but a very persecutional system
where being bisexual meant that you
could still latch onto some of that
straight privilege and make you didn't
have to get a boyfriend yeah and sort of
make an easier transition uh into this
kind of sexuality
um I've actually heard the inverse too
that people will kind of um they'll be
straight and then they'll snap to dating
a guy and be like oh I guess I'm gay now
and then they'll realize wait a second I
still like girls yeah so
um I think that's where a lot of the
perception that my people are sneaky
um very wrongly came from because we
have this idea we've talked about this
the other day that there isn't really
room for experimentation in society
you're not really allowed to experiment
or play around or sort of investigate
different things it's like when you are
when you begin to exhibit signs of being
gay oh you're just gay it's like there's
no room for fluidity yeah um but back to
the asexuals that was I was living that
around I was saying like asexuality is
actually a lot more fluid than people
think it is because Sheldon can get
married well I don't think Sheldon was
ever I'm using that as an emergency I'm
using that yeah that's what people think
of asexual as the people who just have
no uh sexual drive who have no no
interest in sex who have no interest in
Romance who have no interest in any kind
of pairing whatsoever that's also not
this well yeah that is that's the
Assumption yes yes that's the Assumption
whereas in reality like I said there is
a spectrum of asexuality that goes from
that to any number Something That We're
beginning to realize is that there is a
separation between asexuality and
aromantic
um yeah which I feel a little bit
concerned with the thing I'm starting
I'm starting to see not that I'm
concerned I'm starting to see a trend
for people to describe asexuality as
Aero Ace I'm like that's not necessarily
the case
um yeah that's kind of the um the lgbtq
kind of yeah we'll just call you lgbtq
it's like actually I'm a lesbian it's
like well you're LGBT some people are
Arrow Ace and they have neither romantic
nor sexual attraction to anyone but some
people can fall in love very easily with
no sexual attraction and some people can
be very horny with no romantic
attraction talk to any asexual person
they will tell you they are incredibly
kinky and horny
asexual people I mean there's plenty of
asexual people who have no that's true
within the community there is kind of a
marked
um acknowledgment a very quiet
acknowledgment that some of the kinkiest
people ever meet are identifying as
asexual because they keep their sex up
here like just don't let it get out of
their head it's um it's all internal and
because it never has to exist in real
life they never have to face it I'm
pretty sure that a very strong component
of fan fiction like slash fiction erotic
fan fiction
um libraries are contributed to by
asexual people
um so we're gonna play a game and assume
that this video gets monetized and for
anyone watching it not on YouTube plus
YouTube premium YouTube that page Fancy
YouTube Fancy paid YouTube
um we're gonna take a quick break and
we'll be right back and for anyone who
doesn't have that
we're back all right so this is I get
segment two
um so kinky
you were talking about kinky yes I was
talking about kinky
um and this is kind of the appearance
versus reality of asexuality the reality
of asexual sexuality is that it is a
very broad area and this has troubles
translating into the dating World
um I can imagine yeah because for me
online on Grindr the things that I will
say to people
um first of all hopefully we'll never
get leaked into the world uh second of
all I
before I meet a guy and this was a
historic thing I had to kind of give a
disclaimer like hey heads up I know
we've been talking about certain things
but I need to tell you that the more you
get to know me in person I'm not as
horny as I seem to be yeah and that's
just because I have a very active
imagination and I really you're a writer
yeah I enjoy the idea of sex
um
uh but like there are some branches of
asexuality which much prefer to do sex
online or sex on the phone uh sex in a
hypothetical context yeah
um some prefer some do not like
penetration and like uh and I mean
that's becoming a whole thing within the
gay community now is you know there's
tops and bottoms and verse blah blah but
now there's sides which are people who
do enjoy sex but not penetrative sex
yeah and I I really like that that
um I always thought that butt sex was a
little bit overrated and just just but a
huge portion is the idea that so many
gay people and you might qualify as this
don't think that it counts as sex unless
it's unless it's penetrative I've
actually really changed my mind about
that even even as of six months ago I
was very in the backward thinking of
like sex needs to be penetrative if it's
not then it doesn't count and you know
I've really come around to that because
you know sex I think
to me now encompasses such a wide range
from the most intense sweaty nasty thing
that you know Treasure Island Media
produces to you know phone sex yeah and
or making out in the back of a car and
you know it all depends it's a personal
person between like sex a sex act I
qualify anything as a sex act as asexual
encounter anything with the intention of
having that kind of sexual passion
associated with it yeah
um
and so like there there is a lot of um
explaining what I have to do
um and usually I get ghosted after that
because it's like because I can see
where they're coming where guys are
coming from in that case because it's
like oh you're suddenly getting cold
feet and you need an out
[Music]
um and that's kind of how I
get that kind of out feeling sometimes
yeah like people would could look at
that as you know that you're really just
looking that you're oh what's the term
screening no maybe something like that
but it's there's a specific term for it
for you know people who are just you
know they just want to you know cyber
and yeah that's it they'll lead you on
for weeks and weeks and weeks I I have
done that
um because like sometimes I need like a
bonk I could go like bad
well listen what that is is I'm never
dishonest about it I sort of upfront and
I say like I I'm not really interested
in meeting up
um but I love doing cyber I love talking
to people and regardless of that there
is still an ongoing expectation that oh
we're gonna meet up eventually he's just
saying he's not into meeting people so
he he can bypass all of the undesirable
oops I'll bypass all the undesirable
gays
um and when I was kind of coming of age
on gay data that isn't that's the first
I've heard about that just today the
screening process yeah whenever people
that will put on the that kind of
asexual-esque gaze to kind of screen out
the ones they're really not doing
because like you know when I was kind of
coming of age on Grindr it was a big
thing to sort of say not into meeting up
not into hooking up
um and I like that because like
sometimes I wasn't but then sometimes I
was and I would find the right
personally realized oh people are doing
this maliciously yeah they are doing
this to screen out people who are not
physically attractive they're not
they're not physically attracted to
um
and so when you did get that kind of
good chemistry regardless of whether you
wanted to meet or not the other person
would have that expectation because it's
like oh I passed the screening process
yeah so when you would kind of when it
would become a became apparent that you
weren't really as into hookup culture as
they wanted to be or thought you would
be they kind of just abandoned you
um and when you were up front and you
said like I'm not really into meeting up
I just want to talk
um
I think they got the Vibes that I was
just consistently going to be putting
them off yeah or that they would
eventually pass the test one day and you
know would get to do the physical stuff
but it took me a long time to sort of be
comfortable with like being not as
intimately sexual with people yeah um
and I kind of for the sake of being
polite I forced myself into a lot of
kind of hookups that I wasn't really
that interested in or that I knew I
wasn't going to have a fun time from the
beginning uh not that there was any
consent problems it's just that I wasn't
really into it and I was kind of like it
was kind of like you know laying there
like a fish
yeah it seems like from the asexual
people that I've talked to that it's
it's like a second coming out process
that you know you kind of spend your
teenage years figuring out if you're
getting because you think you have to be
hypersexual because that's the kind of
depiction especially with the gay guy
yeah that's kind of like we have kind of
the the culture the gay culture has
really up until very recently when it
was kind of the gay culture has become
two dads and a kid in the suburbs that
it was circuit parties and you know
ecstasy and stuff like that that gay
culture was the height and the the the
absolute peak of sexuality or that
regard even if you are so how can you be
gay and asexual even if you are that
kind of monogamous kind of person like
when like you know watch any gay drama
like uh Elite is it Elites or Elite uh
that's not just gay that's gay and
straight no I know I know but like very
hypersexual when you were when you did
get a permanent you know boyfriend you
would kind of when the door is closed
oof that's when the heat would hit like
it's like okay now we need to you know
the sweat needs to start pouring off us
and yeah and it needs to be a porno film
yeah
um and if it's anything less then we're
doing it wrong yeah especially when when
you're gay the only when you're
specifically attracted a man attracted
to men or you know
um
then it's very much
that is your early exposure to gayness
there's not a whole lot of you know like
kids movies with a you know child
there's no Little Rascals for gay people
or there's a childhood romance it's like
you you watch the kind of raunchy gay
movies a little bit earlier because
you're much more Curious than yeah so
that's kind of you know you're
hypersexual like you and Queer as Folk
yeah like I uh Queer as Folk was really
my first
um not my first exposure to gay people
but it was certainly the most so like
you know you you young little Gaby comes
of age and yeah like and if they're
exposure to oh this is how I beat gray
as an adult yeah that this is what
gayness as is as an adult this is what
gayness is in high school yeah even but
the the the other side of that is this
kind of and that you have that and that
conflicts with the perception of
asexuality yeah which is the doesn't
have sex and in media uh this is very
often the case and a lot of asexual
people are kind of upset by this
um asexuality is represented by robots
aliens and autistic people yeah
um and as it happens a lot rarely
confirmed in any of those cases
um a lot of or completely unconfirmed
and just not acknowledged like with Elsa
yeah
um in a lot of those cases like asexual
people don't really like that because we
can be incredibly vibrant colorful zany
people uh well yeah I don't know any
asexual people who are like and even
Sheldon or data I think that's uh David
was snarky though I've never seen Star
Trek I'm just going by YouTube clips
when I was young my mom said that I was
a carbon copy of data uh I always loved
the character because my mom had Star
Trek Online a lot when I was younger and
like I think that's a discredited to
autistic people too I identify as
somewhere on the Spectrum I don't know
what but uh because like autistic people
can be incredibly hypersexual and that's
perfectly fine too and so like kind of
pigeonholing these identities together
because you know this privilege
writer of privilege this creator of
privilege has this one experiment
experience with this one person thinks
oh this one this must be what it likes
it's like for everyone so those are two
very conflicting public perceptions of
what these identities ought to be yeah
and when you put them together it's
what do you get like people just don't
believe you
um you have no idea how many times I've
gotten
um like I said I'm asexual and then kind
of get the retort oh you just have them
with the right person oh I I absolutely
believe that
um that's I've seen that in so many
different conversations and podcasts and
whatnot people kind of talking about you
know I'll tell someone I'm asexual and
it's just oh you just haven't met the
right guy yet
um and and it's the same with
um it's the same kind of thing with
women who say like I never want to get
married and it's you just haven't met
the right guy yet or I never want to
have a kid yeah I was just like all your
chain you'll change your mind change
your mind yeah once it happens you'll
change your mind kind of thing
um
and so that seems to be a that seems to
be a societal thing that if you're
anywhere outside of the societal Norm
which is very restrictive like I said
even a woman who doesn't want to get
married is outside the societal Norm
yeah that's something Society kind of
says to you like just wait you'll get
that's something that I was really
trying to push in the um the video about
Black Swan yeah kind of the concept of
okay you're not here to procreate what
are you here for which if we haven't
watched that video yet go watch it I I
was really happy with how that came
together I wear costumes you wanted to
do that for so long you finally got to I
read a script with no glasses and I am
blind without these glasses
um and and so it's really just hard to
get across the the weird little nuances
uh yes I want to meet people I'd like to
have these experiences but like I want
to have them my way I want to have them
in a way that I'm I'm going to enjoy and
it's like I'm also not opposed to
negotiation like yeah but then when you
kind of say and this is the thing about
asexuality some people some asexuals are
like I do not like sex I don't want to
have it it does not feel good I hate it
and other people are like I could take
it or leave it yeah and that's that's
what I was going to say is that when you
do kind of put it on the table that like
I don't really like sex very much but
with the right person you know I will
you know lower my boundaries and I'll do
it which kind of poses the question
how are you asexual enough which we will
get to after the break okay so after a
break and a camera and microphone
meltdown we're back uh so yeah posing
the question how asexual is enough uh
that's a really really really you had
glasses on it's a really good question I
did I guess it doesn't matter magically
disappeared okay
um between the two of us I don't need
glasses to read the loveliness of
shooting with three cameras and an
external microphone Growing Pains oh boy
uh asexual enough and that is a question
for the ages in the Ace Community uh
because it is
large in the sense of there are a lot of
people in it and not so much large in
the sense that ever I think there's more
people who would identify with asexual
if they realize that it wasn't you know
Sheldon and data yeah that it was an
option the discussion of what is Ace
enough comes up from a matter of some
ACE people do enjoy some kind of sex yes
different circumstances
um but the question arises
um you know what qualifies as asexual
because you get the purest you say ace
or aromantic means that you have no
sexual desire or that you have no
romantic connections uh but some people
have these things but in very specific
circumstances you mentioned people who
like to only do it for cyber yeah
um there are people who only are into
cyber sex people who only like to have
sex with people they are in love with
people who don't like who only like to
have sex with people there you have no
romantic connection with uh there's some
debate about like does a side qualify
like you know have top bottoms and sizes
that asexual because you know they don't
enjoy penetration yeah
um and I kind of fit into that kind of
camp like and like that's I don't think
most sides within the gay community
would say that they're asexual probably
not no because there are plenty of
reasons to not enjoy butt sex aside from
just I don't like having sexual contact
yeah
um so like and the thing about painful
it's messy it takes a lot of work I work
health applications just kills your legs
but yeah asexual enough the question is
that I had this struggle with my own
kind of identity because I identified as
asexual because
um you know I I had
I had some sexual drive I had sexual
urges but like when push came to shove
like I didn't really like doing it that
much yeah
um but I loved think I love the build up
to that I love the lead up to that I
loved thinking about it I love putting
myself in situations everything until
you got to his door uh yeah and then I
would just feel immense shame after we
were done I didn't really get that kind
of elation afterwards now is that shame
of you know shame of having had sex or
is that shame of not having enjoyed it
the shame of not having enjoyed it okay
um so it's not like a Puritan thing yeah
it didn't build it didn't lead up to my
expectations it wasn't what no is it
that it didn't meet your ad your
expectations or did you just flat out
not enjoy the deep throat thing there
wasn't the bells the whistles the
Rockets the fireworks I didn't get that
for anyone not in the know
um there's a scene in the movie Deep
Throat which is a 1972 1972. uh a
straight adult movie in which some
somebody has an orgasm and that's where
the you know the bells and the whistles
and the fireworks and everything that's
where that saying comes from
um comes from our Lord and savior Linda
Lovelace uh
oh there's a lot about Linda Lovelace we
won't get into it here but uh
fascinating figure though
um historic figure but like I I just
changed the world
her and Indira Gandhi
yeah so like I I but then again like
there I am again like a few days later
being like developing these very Vivid
fantasies yeah
um and then once again just being let
down being let down
um and I found that the people that I
like being around the most are the
people that I liked spending time around
with clothes on maybe not with clothes
on but you know not doing sexual things
yeah
um and so like for about
seven years this has been this has been
dodging me seven to ten years like what
what is going on with me and so I talked
to a friend and sort of describe that
like describe this things and you said
okay when you have your sexual fantasies
when you kind of you know go off on your
own head are they about you and I'm like
no they're about circumstances and
situations I make up sometimes sexual
characters and he's like okay you're a
good sexual you're what a ego sexual a
bit of a mouthful but when the original
studies were done on asexuality so
you're full of yourself
the researcher realized that there's a
very strange pattern among some of the
research subjects where they have sexual
desire they desire desire but they
didn't really have they didn't really
find fulfillment in sex or the original
term was forgive me but Auto Crow is
autocroisexuality which was more of a
mouthful than a ego sexual but the
people of asexuals decided that aego
sexual is probably a better way to say
it it means that you are the ego of your
sexuality and other people don't really
have much effector in there it means
that you arouse yourself but not that
you're aroused by yourself it's just
that your imagination does the lifting
okay
um and I I almost had a like meltdown
because I was like that's me how did I
not know about this and he's like that's
because like so few people nobody talks
no this exists
um but unlike a lot of other
um like it's like women not having
orgasms nobody talks about it and so so
many women just feel shame that they've
never done the fact that we didn't know
that the clitoris was as large as it is
until like the last 10 years because we
didn't research the in inside
no one bothered to research what the
inside what the internal as someone who
had to watch a lot of straight porn as a
teenager uh because I didn't have
internet access and we had a
pay-per-view descrambler I don't know
how straight men can't find the clitoris
right it's not hidden it anyway
um
lesbians have been finding it for
Millennia uh so the sexuality fandom uh
Wikipedia describes it as being
distinguished by the tendency towards
having sexual fantasies at times despite
feeling a disconnect between themselves
and the sexual targets that's object of
arousal my friend described it as we
desire desire uh this friend also
identifies as he actually went into
gender studies specifically to study
this and write a dissertation about this
I'd love to read it yeah uh he plays
match of the Gathering now
as you would do a legacy format where
all the Queer as furries and uh
Communists are uh and aegosexual
actually means sexuality without the sex
a ego sexuality
um so I like to participate in sex as a
living sort of subject I examine myself
as a fantasy person so that's that's the
context that I like having sex and
that's why I like don't like doing it
that often Because the actual sensation
is of having it is less than the
imagined sensation of what it appears or
how it appears yeah
um it's like people who have you know in
their fantasies they have you know maybe
an extreme Kink that would be you know
not necessarily like violence or
anything but something that most people
would be like I found some of those but
then in real life they're just kind of
like oh no I would never actually do it
yeah yeah and so like when I say that or
they did or they would and then it would
ruin the fantasy but yeah when I say
that asexual people can be some of the
horniest and kinkiest people you're
leveling ever Evelyn ever encounter it's
because that outside of the puritism
purism of asexuality there are a myriad
of different ways that the human brain
is just really weird about sex yeah not
weird isn't bad but weird as in like
it's it's complicated it's complicated
uh it's like she's complex but
um so yeah like there are these are
things that are the subject of research
and the subject of academic Fascination
even if there isn't really a lot of
academic interest in these things some
people are we're gonna see start seeing
a little bit more of this
um but there is a bit of a distinction
between these between you know these
sort of more psychological elements of
asexual and the more self-identifying
ones which you know there are legion of
flags
um because you know the asexual
Community has been kind of ignored like
we said by the queer community at large
so I feel like there is a over tendency
to self-identify and to sort of
construct a the version of asexuality
around a specific you know circumstances
yeah and I feel like the pure the
gatekeeping the purest gatekeeping of
asexual aromanticism has led to that
like you can't be asexual because you
enjoy sex and these circumstances and
it's like but yeah I'm still you know
I'm still weird about it um and so like
it's I I feel like this is a situation
where self-identified having the
openness do I just identify
self-identifies asexual meaning like I
don't fit the sexual Norm of either the
CIS had hegemony or the queer community
so I I need to belong here because I
don't belong anywhere anywhere else yeah
um and I really hope we can start moving
towards that because I hate seeing so
much fragmentation within within sub
communities yeah
because it it does cut I feel like there
is an extent like yeah it's important to
recognize the distinction between gays
and lesbians and bisexual people and how
uh and especially trans people in the
LGBT and how the assistant hegemony
uniquely persecutes against each of
these camps of people and yeah different
cocktails of privilege that they might
that gay men will in particular kind of
push back against all the other letters
in the alphabet well that's that's honey
oh that's a whole that's a whole other
discussion I'm talking about how the
persecution of a gay man is different
than a gay woman yeah
um is different from bisexual man is
different from a bisexual and especially
it gets different when you factor in
people of color and how these respective
communities approach queerness very
different uh and so like I there is it
is important to recognize the difference
in discrimination and the difference in
the Dynamics of social dynamics as they
fit into the society at large but and so
I feel like if if your version of this
thing doesn't really change the dynamic
of persecution against issue or the
manifestation of your relationship with
the culture and I don't I don't feel
like it's
like it's fine if you want to kind of
have this sort of label on yourself but
make sure you're putting the label there
yourself don't let anyone else label you
about you but you yeah
um that's fine but I feel like a formal
definition or distinction of this kind
of does take away from a lot of the
discussion especially when you get CIS
people straight people so straight
people who are like there are so many
more letters than there used to be I
just can't keep up and it's like don't
try yeah that's you know we made a whole
video talking about why we need to just
get rid of the letters and just go first
describing it to like um and a big part
of that I think is you know if there was
Queer as an umbrella term then all the
different flavors of asexuality would be
you know you would have you couldn't
devalue different kinds of asexual
because you know they're all on the same
Turf as all the other ones that an
asexual who is incredibly horny but only
for a specific type of person you know
is on the same level as an asexual who
has abs absolutely no interest in sex
whatsoever and they just want to you
know play D D
um and that's one of the reasons I do
think funny fact um people who play D
get laid more than you would believe
but yeah that's that's like I said
that's why I think there should be an
overarching term that isn't so uh and I
don't blame the the fragmentation on
individuals needing to be special Stars
I blame it on purist gatekeeping oh
absolutely and that's kind of I know I
want to be clear about that like I you
know like the the gold star gay yeah
thing the Platinum star gay yeah I had a
C-section yeah like I was born via
C-section were you yeah oh I wasn't 48
hours at Labor beforehand but
um
before we continue we will do one last
break and uh then we'll come back with
our final thoughts and welcome back to
the show gaze Behaving Badly that's what
we're called we haven't really behaving
that badly today so yeah in you know
closing thoughts section would be kind
of
uh you were saying that uh we just
watched hell of a boss uh yeah and you
watched the husband hotel which was the
thing that's spun off of yeah and you
said that there is an asexual character
and you quite enjoyed that well they're
identified in the wiki as asexual like
they don't say it in the show but
because you know they only have one
episode he only Pops in at the end of
the episode
um but the Creator and the in the wiki
they are I think identified as asexual
um and I thought that was cool because
basically has been between has been
hotel and hell of a boss every letter of
the eye
every one of them
um because apparently even in Hell of
the boss Moxie is bisexual
I buy that which I didn't I I didn't
Roxy's the cute little boy right well
he's not a little boy but like he's a no
Boi like he's yeah he's adorable he's a
boy
um I mean like I buy that like not that
pegging or getting pegged makes you buy
makes you queer but like
but
um I I've seen him kind of be flustered
around the boys yeah yeah but yeah
there's you know a character who is at
least in the wiki identified as asexual
and you wouldn't guess it from his
character because you know he's not the
Sheldon or the data or the and he
I like that in hell of a boss uh
monogamous is the
um
is the taboo that's the one that nobody
likes to talk about or like is
hell yeah yeah I I just really really
enjoyed that sort of flipping the script
yeah but I would like to see more of
that going forward even if it's if it's
characters that are uh identified as
asexual that would be great but for whom
the well like ASAP like asexual does
like does there need to be a declaration
made or sort of a specification made or
is just the plot acknowledging that
there is no romantic future for this
character that sounds so Bleak but there
is no intended romantic future for this
character yeah um and this character is
comfortable with that yeah is just
writing that into the character and into
the plot enough or a
is that good enough or does there need
to be a soapbox moment
yeah and I mean that's that's kind of a
question with gay stuff too is it okay
to just have a gay character who is a
great character or do they have to have
a boyfriend to confirm the gayness yeah
um you know it's like in wakanda forever
there is a lesbian character and she's
pretty badass throughout the movie she
only has you know that one moment where
it's confirmed that she is queer and a
lot of people say you know that's really
good representation and a lot of people
say that doesn't count because it can be
sucked out for for screening which it is
being it's the movie's not getting a
Chinese a Chinese release
um but it is being
um uh it has been requested to be
removed by Kuwait
um so it's short enough to be removed
and so does it count if it is so
insubstantial that it is removable yeah
that's a whole other discussion that'll
be a video yeah not necessarily about
wakanda forever but about that whole
thing when it comes to gay people I like
I I don't like having the soapbox moment
because I don't think straight when you
have gay representation when you want to
have gay representation straight people
don't need gay representation gay people
need gay queer people need queer
representation yeah
um so having that soapbox moment where
you explain to queer P to straight
people that it's okay to be gay
that's not useful to us because we
already have these messages we already
have and the ways that gay people or
queer people would interpret
self-acceptance is different than the
way that straight people wouldn't
interpret accepting queer people yeah so
there's need to be two very different
manifestations of how this media handles
that thing and you know with a gay
character I think you know I I am
growing more okay with the incidental
well I like the incidentally queer
characters
um the ones that there is no soapbox
moment yeah I like it if maybe they
actively show their attraction to
someone of the same sex but for an
asexual character I think it would be
enough like lose from the owl house I
think that is like she's not asexual
bisexual she's bisexual but like that
kind kind of attitude where it's
apparent but it's never made a deal out
of no one really questions and she
doesn't need to get in a soapbox because
everyone's like oh okay yeah but with an
asexual character I think it would be
enough to have another character kind of
say you know like the stereotypical you
just need to get laid Yeah like oh
you're stressed out you just need to get
laid and then be like I don't like doing
that but yeah like and then that's
enough and I've always kind of felt like
there are ways instead of having that
soapbox moment driving that
identification you can do that but also
there are ways that uh queer people
asexual people bisexual people they
interact with the world differently than
other people of different sort of camps
yeah so as long as you write that in and
you do it earnestly and I think your
opinion as an asexual person your
opinion on this matters more than mine
but like I also don't want to speak for
the entire Ace Community I think that
you do need a balance of soapbox moments
as well as you need to have that
incidental incidental representation
yeah like I feel like the soapbox
moments should be like on Disney plus we
all be made on for TV shows for movies
for kids and teenagers but I think you
also need that mix of uh fastos from um
eternals where like his motivation was
Inseparable from his you know really
from his gay gay marriage oh yeah
absolutely yeah
um I I do think that kind of
representation is important I think we
need a mix and that's the thing that you
know CIS straight Holly males old white
yeah they think they get is that they
think okay this is how we do
representation instead of as a formula
because it's like as long as we do this
and they'll be happy and it's like think
but you got to do other things too and
it's like that's too much yeah like I
think which which and that's like a sort
of thing which representation do we use
for this media and it's like you need to
let a creative person do that in which
they point they their heads start
spinning around and they start throwing
up
um the soup and God forbid let a
creative person do something so I think
that's kind of the message of this is
Maybe
to any Executives listening
let the creative people tell the stories
because you know there are plenty of
straight people who've told great gay
stories God knows there's plenty of gay
people who've told great straight
stories right and there are plenty of
people out there who are asexual who
have stories to tell that might be
hilarious comedies or might be very oh
asexuality is absolutely hilarious I can
everything that I've kind of said in
here that's kind of like oh poor Nick no
it can be funny with a different well
yeah I look at the same time like like
it can be really funny stories they can
be comedies they could be dramas and
they have stories to tell so maybe let
them tell them instead of having someone
who is definitely not asexual say this
is what I think one of them is
okay
so that's the end of the first episode
of gays Behaving Badly yeah tell us what
you think we know you will yeah
um I know you will
um if you liked it let us know in the
comments if you didn't
um if you liked our show tell everyone
that
if you think this sucks keep your pig
it's from it's the um the uh I've heard
that before it's from The Producers it's
their Encore all right right yeah
um so yeah let us know in the comments
if you like this style if so we'll do
one a month
um and if there's any topics that we try
to avoid as a community but you think
are kind of important to talk about
leave them down in the comments
um so until maybe next month or the next
video or the next podcast or the next
padreon or whatever next thing
whatever's happening next my name is
James I'm Nick and thank you for
watching the first episode of gays
Behaving Badly
go behave badly
[Music]
thank you